hola
prueba 1
prueba 2
squad
over here
here
one enemy remaining enemies
who needs something who needs something
squad
[Music] here here
[Music]
spike down
let the spike
plant the spike
[Applause]
one enemy remaining
i'm these parasites aren't going to take gun here
gun here gun here who needs something
who needs something
over here
[Music]
player standing
together we will bury them under their transgressions
who needs something
i got used okay
spike down
who needs something
help who needs something
[Applause]
ah is
[Music]
found one
gun here
hold
get out of my way [Applause] here
[Music]
spike down attacker spawn
repair yourselves we fight once again i'm saving anyone needing who needs
something
squad hang out
[Applause]
uh
players
paint check charges check brakes
who needs something
uh
attackers
[Applause]
30 seconds left
race it to the spikes
thank you
one enemy remaining
we are fighters
anyone need anything
if that race breaks one more thing
uh
here here here
you say something sorry ears
i'm on my way together
[Applause] fight
has last round before the switch spend those
credits before we lose them anyone need anything
let's make some chaos
[Applause]
finished
remaining
[Applause]
foreign
super easy to pick off
so
spike planted
last player standing
okay we know the drill stick your rolls
gun here
careful here
here
here fight planted
we're here because we're the best
time to mobilize my pack
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music] one enemy remaining
found one
don't sit down we're not done yet
careful here
spike down
one down
careful
just give me a moment
i got your backs just you know from the
front
let's flush them out
uh
spike down mid
so
30 seconds left
ten seconds left
[Music]
make sure to follow my pack in they'll lead us right
here help
careful here i got yous okay
oh i'm out of stock
last players
see not that scary
i feel the strain block it out omen
so
time
here help
one enemy remaining
stay keen they don't have to be good to be dangerous i need this thank you
good work don't screw it up
foreign
workouts
attempt here one enemy remaining
here here
here
i'm on my way
here here here
nice match point a single battle between us
thank you
oh
stealing sight
[Applause]
spike down mid
here
one
defenders win we move forward